Miss Mi
The first master of the Yamaguchi team is nothing more than that
When you received my information
It's you who led the ninja
Do your best to serve my master
Knock my master off the cliff
He also gave my master a knife
Now I will return this knife to your lawyer
Come hit me
That's right, you burglars
It's messy.
Spare my size
All damn
You are a spy
You are a spy sent by Life Like Electricity
To gain your trust
Find your elders
At first, you contacted me privately and wanted to buy it.
I told the master
Master is willing to risk his life
See yourself as a temptation
Yes, we join your conspiracy
So you put him in the water
There is no software at all.
thing
Gui Tian Musashi Criminal Prudence
Didn't go to the abandoned warehouse in person
Approaching and stabbing me according to my plan
Turn against me
That's what I'm talking about.
Pity you fools
They think they have everything under control
Still showing off here
complacency
Baga Baga
You have no martial arts ethics